README.md, before:

# 3DZwei
<p align="center">
	<a href="https://github.com/Universal-Team/3DZwei/releases/latest"><img src="https://github.com/Universal-Team/3DZwei/blob/Rewrite/resources/logos/logo.png"></a><br>
	<b>A memory cardgame clone for Nintendo 3DS.</b><br>
</p>

## Main Features
* 3DZwei includes 3 AI Methods / Difficulties, and those are explained below!

### Method 1: Random
This method does what it says -> playing randomly.

### Method 2: Hard
This method stores the last played cards as a vector of pairs. On the second Turn State, it checks through all the cards in that vector to see, if a card matches the one of the first Turn State. If it does, it plays it -> Otherwise it uses the Random Method.

### Method 3: Extreme
This is a more improved version of the Hard Method. It already does the thing what the Hard Method does on it's first Turn State. NOTE, that it may take longer the more turns have passed, because it does check for the first card pairs, second card pairs and mixed.. if it can find a valid pair already which got played. On the second Turn State, it switches over to the Hard Method, because we don't need more checks than really required.


* A new UI based of [Sim2Editor](https://github.com/Universal-Team/Sim2Editor) ones.

* Ability for custom Cardsets and Charactersets! See [here](https://github.com/Universal-Team/3DZwei/tree/Rewrite/set-generator/README.md) for more. The wiki page [here](https://github.com/Universal-Team/3DZwei/wiki) though will contain a more detailed guide when the next version (v0.3.0) is out.

* A `Least amount of tries` (`Try Play`) and `Normal` (`Normal Play`) Play Mode.

* Multi-Player on a single console, if the AI is disabled.

## Screenshots

<details><summary>Screenshots</summary>

### AI Selector
![](https://github.com/Universal-Team/3DZwei/blob/Rewrite/resources/screenshots/aiSelector.png)

### Card Selector
![](https://github.com/Universal-Team/3DZwei/blob/Rewrite/resources/screenshots/cardSelector.png)

### Cardset Preview
![](https://github.com/Universal-Team/3DZwei/blob/Rewrite/resources/screenshots/cardsetPreview.png)

### Characterset Preview
![](https://github.com/Universal-Team/3DZwei/blob/Rewrite/resources/screenshots/charsetPreview.png)

### Character Selector
![](https://github.com/Universal-Team/3DZwei/blob/Rewrite/resources/screenshots/characterSelector.png)

### Credits
![](https://github.com/Universal-Team/3DZwei/blob/Rewrite/resources/screenshots/creditsContributors.png) ![](https://github.com/Universal-Team/3DZwei/blob/Rewrite/resources/screenshots/creditsStackMemCore.png) ![](https://github.com/Universal-Team/3DZwei/blob/Rewrite/resources/screenshots/creditsUniversalCore.png) ![](https://github.com/Universal-Team/3DZwei/blob/Rewrite/resources/screenshots/creditsTranslators.png)

### Game Result
![](https://github.com/Universal-Team/3DZwei/blob/Rewrite/resources/screenshots/gameResult.png)

### Game Screen
![](https://github.com/Universal-Team/3DZwei/blob/Rewrite/resources/screenshots/gameScreenNormal.png) ![](https://github.com/Universal-Team/3DZwei/blob/Rewrite/resources/screenshots/gameScreenTries.png)

### Game Settings
![](https://github.com/Universal-Team/3DZwei/blob/Rewrite/resources/screenshots/gameSettingsGeneral.png) ![](https://github.com/Universal-Team/3DZwei/blob/Rewrite/resources/screenshots/gameSettingsPlayers.png)

### Keyboard
![](https://github.com/Universal-Team/3DZwei/blob/Rewrite/resources/screenshots/keyboard.png)

### Language Selector
![](https://github.com/Universal-Team/3DZwei/blob/Rewrite/resources/screenshots/languageSelector.png)

### Main Menu
![](https://github.com/Universal-Team/3DZwei/blob/Rewrite/resources/screenshots/mainmenu.png)

### Numpad
![](https://github.com/Universal-Team/3DZwei/blob/Rewrite/resources/screenshots/numpad.png)

### Rules
![](https://github.com/Universal-Team/3DZwei/blob/Rewrite/resources/screenshots/rules.png)

### Set Selector
![](https://github.com/Universal-Team/3DZwei/blob/Rewrite/resources/screenshots/setSelector.png)

### Settings
![](https://github.com/Universal-Team/3DZwei/blob/Rewrite/resources/screenshots/settingsConfig.png) ![](https://github.com/Universal-Team/3DZwei/blob/Rewrite/resources/screenshots/settingsAppInfo.png)

### Splash
![](https://github.com/Universal-Team/3DZwei/blob/Rewrite/resources/screenshots/splash.png)

</details>

## Compilation

### Setting up your environment

To build 3DZwei from source, you will need to install devkitARM, libctru, citro2d and citro3d. Follow devkitPro's [Getting Started](https://devkitpro.org/wiki/Getting_Started) page to install pacman, then run the following command to install everything you need:
```
(sudo dkp-)pacman -S 3ds-dev
```
(The `sudo dkp-` may not be needed depending on your OS).

You will also need [bannertool](https://github.com/Steveice10/bannertool/releases/latest) and [makerom](https://github.com/profi200/Project_CTR/releases/latest) in your PATH.

### Cloning the repository

To download the source you will need to clone the repository with submodules, this can be done by running:
```
git clone --recursive https://github.com/Universal-Team/3DZwei.git
```

If you've already cloned it, you can use the following command to update all of the submodules:
```
git submodule update --init --recursive
```

### Building

Once you've cloned the repository (with submodules), simply run `make` in the root of the repository. You will find `3DZwei.cia` and `3DZwei.3dsx` inside the `3ds` directory.

## Credits
### Main Developers
- [SuperSaiyajinStackZ](https://github.com/SuperSaiyajinStackZ)

### Others
- [devkitPro](https://github.com/devkitPro): devkitARM, Libctru, Citro2D & Citro3D.
- [SuperSaiyajinStackZ](https://github.com/SuperSaiyajinStackZ): StackMem-Core + 3DZwei developement.
- [Universal-Team](https://github.com/Universal-Team): Universal-Core.

### Translators
- [SuperSaiyajinStackZ](https://github.com/SuperSaiyajinStackZ): Deutsch, English.

Commit message:

See desc for more cause of big changes.
* Using `std=gnu++20` now.
* Using cubic bezier animations.
* Massive code overhaul.
* Added Special Thanks page to credits.
* Fancy Game Animations such as: card flips.
* Overhauled Character + Cardset Selectors.
* Using system keyboard now for inputs.

Thank you to Pk11, NightScript and co for the amazing suggestions and help in the previous days.

README.md, after:

# 3DZwei
<p align="center">
	<a href="https://github.com/Universal-Team/3DZwei/releases/latest"><img src="https://github.com/Universal-Team/3DZwei/blob/Rewrite/resources/logos/logo.png"></a><br>
	<b>A memory cardgame clone for Nintendo 3DS.</b><br>
</p>

## Main Features
* 3DZwei includes 3 AI Methods / Difficulties, and those are explained below!

### Method 1: Random
This method does what it says -> playing randomly.

### Method 2: Hard
This method stores the last played cards as a vector of pairs. On the second Turn State, it checks through all the cards in that vector to see, if a card matches the one of the first Turn State. If it does, it plays it -> Otherwise it uses the Random Method.

### Method 3: Extreme
This is a more improved version of the Hard Method. It already does the thing what the Hard Method does on it's first Turn State. NOTE, that it may take longer the more turns have passed, because it does check for the first card pairs, second card pairs and mixed.. if it can find a valid pair already which got played. On the second Turn State, it switches over to the Hard Method, because we don't need more checks than really required.


* A new UI based of [Sim2Editor](https://github.com/Universal-Team/Sim2Editor) ones.

* Ability for custom Cardsets and Charactersets! See [here](https://github.com/Universal-Team/3DZwei/tree/Rewrite/set-generator/README.md) for more. The wiki page [here](https://github.com/Universal-Team/3DZwei/wiki) though will contain a more detailed guide when the next version (v0.3.0) is out.

* A `Least amount of tries` (`Try Play`) and `Normal` (`Normal Play`) Play Mode.

* Multi-Player on a single console, if the AI is disabled.

## Screenshots

<details><summary>Screenshots</summary>

### AI Selector
![](https://github.com/Universal-Team/3DZwei/blob/Rewrite/resources/screenshots/aiSelector.png)

### Card Selector
![](https://github.com/Universal-Team/3DZwei/blob/Rewrite/resources/screenshots/cardSelector.png)

### Character Selector
![](https://github.com/Universal-Team/3DZwei/blob/Rewrite/resources/screenshots/characterSelector.png)

### Credits
![](https://github.com/Universal-Team/3DZwei/blob/Rewrite/resources/screenshots/creditsContributors.png) ![](https://github.com/Universal-Team/3DZwei/blob/Rewrite/resources/screenshots/creditsStackMemCore.png) ![](https://github.com/Universal-Team/3DZwei/blob/Rewrite/resources/screenshots/creditsUniversalCore.png) ![](https://github.com/Universal-Team/3DZwei/blob/Rewrite/resources/screenshots/creditsTranslators.png) ![](https://github.com/Universal-Team/3DZwei/blob/Rewrite/resources/screenshots/creditsSpecialThanks.png)

### Game Result
![](https://github.com/Universal-Team/3DZwei/blob/Rewrite/resources/screenshots/gameResult.png)

### Game Screen
![](https://github.com/Universal-Team/3DZwei/blob/Rewrite/resources/screenshots/gameScreenNormal.png) ![](https://github.com/Universal-Team/3DZwei/blob/Rewrite/resources/screenshots/gameScreenTries.png)

### Game Settings
![](https://github.com/Universal-Team/3DZwei/blob/Rewrite/resources/screenshots/gameSettingsGeneral.png) ![](https://github.com/Universal-Team/3DZwei/blob/Rewrite/resources/screenshots/gameSettingsPlayers.png)

### Language Selector
![](https://github.com/Universal-Team/3DZwei/blob/Rewrite/resources/screenshots/languageSelector.png)

### Main Menu
![](https://github.com/Universal-Team/3DZwei/blob/Rewrite/resources/screenshots/mainmenu.png)

### Rules
![](https://github.com/Universal-Team/3DZwei/blob/Rewrite/resources/screenshots/rules.png)

### Set Selectors
![](https://github.com/Universal-Team/3DZwei/blob/Rewrite/resources/screenshots/cardsetSelectorList.png) ![](https://github.com/Universal-Team/3DZwei/blob/Rewrite/resources/screenshots/cardsetSelectorCard.png) ![](https://github.com/Universal-Team/3DZwei/blob/Rewrite/resources/screenshots/charactersetSelectorList.png) ![](https://github.com/Universal-Team/3DZwei/blob/Rewrite/resources/screenshots/charactersetSelectorChar.png)

### Settings
![](https://github.com/Universal-Team/3DZwei/blob/Rewrite/resources/screenshots/settingsConfig.png) ![](https://github.com/Universal-Team/3DZwei/blob/Rewrite/resources/screenshots/settingsAnimation.png) ![](https://github.com/Universal-Team/3DZwei/blob/Rewrite/resources/screenshots/settingsAppInfo.png)

### Splash
![](https://github.com/Universal-Team/3DZwei/blob/Rewrite/resources/screenshots/splash.png)

</details>

## Compilation

### Setting up your environment

To build 3DZwei from source, you will need to install devkitARM, libctru, citro2d and citro3d. Follow devkitPro's [Getting Started](https://devkitpro.org/wiki/Getting_Started) page to install pacman, then run the following command to install everything you need:
```
(sudo dkp-)pacman -S 3ds-dev
```
(The `sudo dkp-` may not be needed depending on your OS).

You will also need [bannertool](https://github.com/Steveice10/bannertool/releases/latest) and [makerom](https://github.com/profi200/Project_CTR/releases/latest) in your PATH.

### Cloning the repository

To download the source you will need to clone the repository with submodules, this can be done by running:
```
git clone --recursive https://github.com/Universal-Team/3DZwei.git
```

If you've already cloned it, you can use the following command to update all of the submodules:
```
git submodule update --init --recursive
```

### Building

Once you've cloned the repository (with submodules), simply run `make` in the root of the repository. You will find `3DZwei.cia` and `3DZwei.3dsx` inside the `3ds` directory.

## Credits
### Main Developers
- [SuperSaiyajinStackZ](https://github.com/SuperSaiyajinStackZ)

### Others
- [devkitPro](https://github.com/devkitPro): devkitARM, Libctru, Citro2D & Citro3D.
- [SuperSaiyajinStackZ](https://github.com/SuperSaiyajinStackZ): StackMem-Core + 3DZwei developement.
- [Universal-Team](https://github.com/Universal-Team): Universal-Core.

### Special Thanks
- [NightScript](https://github.com/NightYoshi370): For having the idea to use cubic bezier for animations, the falling cards animation on the game start and suggestions.
- [Pk11](https://github.com/Epicpkmn11): For helping me with an example on how to flip a card in 2D and suggestions.
- Universal-Microwave: For better teaching me how cubic bezier works with an example and suggestions.

### Translators
- [SuperSaiyajinStackZ](https://github.com/SuperSaiyajinStackZ): Deutsch, English.
